ID: 2
NAME: Napier Museum
CATEGORY: History & Art Museum

[RAW_REVIEW_REPOSITORY]

"Great museum with religious artefacts through the ages. Relatively small but has statues from various periods. Serene and interesting. Jan 2026"

"Well Maintained, the location is good, just near to the Zoo entrance. The atmosphere was very pleasant. It is open from morning 10 AM to 5 PM. May 2025"

"Excellent dive into our history and heritage. Courteous staff. Easy access. Ample parking available. Museum annexe can also be visited with same entry ticket. Nov 2024"

"Visited on a very wet October morning. Ticket office is not at the entrance but around the side! Interesting collection of artifacts and religious iconography. Download the free app for in-depth descriptions. If raining, bring an umbrella; the walk from the car drop-off to the museum is long enough to get soaked. Oct 2024"

"A landmark surrounded by lush greenery; a walk in the garden is a must. Building is a unique mix of Chinese, Kerala, and Mughal styles. Contains royal artifacts, bronze & stone idols, temple chariot, and ivory carvings. Open 10 AM-5 PM except Mondays and govt holidays. Ticket counter is on the side and takes effort to locate—no boards to guide you. Tickets nominally priced at ₹20. May 2024"

"As a foreigner it’s 200 rupees entry. Maybe the worst museum I ever visited. Looks stuck in time. Dusty relics in old glass cases with no real info. Descriptions are pathetic (e.g., 'mirror' or 'carving of Vishnu'). Nice gardens outside though; suggest sitting outside with a cold drink instead. Mar 2024"

"Entry charged a paltry 20 rupees per head. Amazing artefacts but maintenance is non-existent. Ancient Almonard fans covered in cobwebs. Majority of spotlights do not work. Needs better administration. Feb 2024"

"Traditional Kerala Architecture style combined with Gothic. Long corridors are a treat for an enjoyable walk gazing on various artefacts. A must visit for museum freaks. Dec 2023"

"Angry and discontented staff. Do not go on the weekend; it is packed to the rafters. Good collection of masks. Sept 2023"

"Building is about 150 years old but artifacts are 1000-1200 yrs. Has its own app and audio guide downloadable—carry your headphones. June 2023"

"Poor curation. Difficult to see exhibits because of inadequate and incorrectly placed lighting. Staff is lackadaisical. Administrative area is cluttered. March 2022"

"I had to pay 150 rupees for parking and only 40 rupees for entrance. Not much to see except kings and gods. One has to buy a separate ticket for other parts of museum. Feb 2020"

"Mondays are holiday. Wednesdays open only in the afternoon (after 1 PM). Photography strictly prohibited inside. History students will benefit, but be careful of the timing. Sept 2019"